README.md, before:

# README

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...













To create a new Rails project with MySQL as the database, you can follow these steps:

Install Rails: If you haven't already installed Rails, you can do so by running:

bash
Copy code
gem install rails
Create a New Rails Project: Run the following command to create a new Rails project with MySQL as the database:

bash
Copy code
rails new my_project_name -d mysql
Replace my_project_name with the desired name of your Rails project.

Navigate to the Project Directory: Move into the newly created project directory:

bash
Copy code
cd my_project_name
Configure Database: Open the config/database.yml file in your Rails project directory. You'll see configurations for different environments (development, test, production). Update the configurations for the MySQL database according to your MySQL setup. Here's an example configuration:

yaml
Copy code
default: &default
  adapter: mysql2
  encoding: utf8mb4
  pool: <%= ENV.fetch("RAILS_MAX_THREADS") { 5 } %>
  username: your_mysql_username
  password: your_mysql_password
  host: localhost

development:
  <<: *default
  database: my_project_name_development

test:
  <<: *default
  database: my_project_name_test

production:
  <<: *default
  database: my_project_name_production
  username: my_project_name
  password: <%= ENV['MY_PROJECT_NAME_DATABASE_PASSWORD'] %>
Replace your_mysql_username and your_mysql_password with your MySQL username and password. Adjust the database names (my_project_name_development, my_project_name_test, my_project_name_production) as needed.

Create the Database: Run the following command to create the development and test databases:

bash
Copy code
rails db:create
This command will create the databases specified in your database.yml file.

Start the Rails Server: You can start the Rails server by running:

bash
Copy code
rails server
This will start the server, and you can access your Rails application by visiting http://localhost:3000 in your web browser.

That's it! You've created a new Rails project with MySQL as the database backend. You can now start building your application using Ruby on Rails with MySQL as the database.

Commit message:

Perfomr association in mongodb with both has_many and embedded and also established mysql database

README.md, after:

# README

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...






Command to change the database:-
rails new mongo_project -d mysql

follow link :-  https://www.mongodb.com/docs/mongoid/7.1/tutorials/getting-started-rails/




To create a new Rails project with MySQL as the database, you can follow these steps:

Install Rails: If you haven't already installed Rails, you can do so by running:

bash
Copy code
gem install rails
Create a New Rails Project: Run the following command to create a new Rails project with MySQL as the database:

bash
Copy code
rails new my_project_name -d mysql
Replace my_project_name with the desired name of your Rails project.

Navigate to the Project Directory: Move into the newly created project directory:

bash
Copy code
cd my_project_name
Configure Database: Open the config/database.yml file in your Rails project directory. You'll see configurations for different environments (development, test, production). Update the configurations for the MySQL database according to your MySQL setup. Here's an example configuration:

or run:- rails g mongoid:config

yaml
Copy code
default: &default
  adapter: mysql2
  encoding: utf8mb4
  pool: <%= ENV.fetch("RAILS_MAX_THREADS") { 5 } %>
  username: your_mysql_username
  password: your_mysql_password
  host: localhost

development:
  <<: *default
  database: my_project_name_development

test:
  <<: *default
  database: my_project_name_test

production:
  <<: *default
  database: my_project_name_production
  username: my_project_name
  password: <%= ENV['MY_PROJECT_NAME_DATABASE_PASSWORD'] %>
Replace your_mysql_username and your_mysql_password with your MySQL username and password. Adjust the database names (my_project_name_development, my_project_name_test, my_project_name_production) as needed.

Create the Database: Run the following command to create the development and test databases:

bash
Copy code
rails db:create
This command will create the databases specified in your database.yml file.

Start the Rails Server: You can start the Rails server by running:

bash
Copy code
rails server
This will start the server, and you can access your Rails application by visiting http://localhost:3000 in your web browser.

That's it! You've created a new Rails project with MySQL as the database backend. You can now start building your application using Ruby on Rails with MySQL as the database.
